Team by Liliia Naumeiko and Olya Bila

Meeting: 1
Date:10.02
Group leader: Olya

Task and roles: As Lilia missed both lectures because of volleyball tournament
my task was to explain a task which was given by lecturer, some special 
requirements and deadlines. Lilia's task was to start our work on github to create 
repository and to begin writing of meeting diary. 

Deadlines: 13.02

Meeting: 2
Date:14.02
Group leader: Liliia

Task and roles: Both of us working with preparing working environment. We installed IntelliJ IDEA, Maven and checked the correct version of Java. All that tips we did through Spring-boot tutorial, but we obtained one mistake, which was the same for both of us. The error
is: 
Failed to configure a DataSource: 'url' attribute is not specified and no embedded datasource could be configured.
Reason: Failed to determine a suitable driver class.
We were trying to do our best to solve that problem.

Deadlines: 20.02

Meeting: 3
Date:20.02
Group leader: Liliia

Task and roles: Our group meeting took place after the lecture.
During the lecture we asked teacher for the help with solving our problems, she gave us needed recommendations. 
Task for Olya: reinstall Java as she has a mismatch of Java versions, as spring-boot plugin cannot work properly.
The solution for the determination a suitable driver class is to fill 'application.properties' with an access to localhost and defining spring.datasource.driver-class-name=com.mysql.cj.jdbc.Driver.
Task for the next meeting: create the structure of database in MySql and inmplement the entities in IntelliJ.
Deadlines: 22.02

Meeting: 4
Date:23.02
Group leader: Olya

Task and roles: As we understood how to work with spring boot our next step was to read requirement for projects and start to work. We created database 
and started to create project. Task for the next: create te first page login(back-end and front-end).
Deadline: 26.02

Meeting: 5 
Date:28.02
Group leader: Liliia

Task and roles: We separated our roles in the project. 
As we have only two people in our group, we decided that Olya should be responsible for front-end and Liliia should be responsible for back-end.
We will work together through Git hub and collaborate with each other to achieve success.
We created first page login. When somebody inputs his credentials, the checking with Data base is occured and then there are two possible variants: track User to "Welcome" page or alert an "error".
Task for the next meeting: create other working pages of the webapp as /welcome /register, /mymodules, /allmodules, /mypayments and /statistics.
